---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coolify_servers Data Source - coolify"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get a list of Coolify servers.
---

# coolify_servers (Data Source)

Get a list of Coolify servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve all servers
data "coolify_servers" "all" {}

# Retrieve servers with a specific user and ip address
data "coolify_servers" "filtered" {
  filter {
    name   = "user"
    values = ["root"]
  }
  # (AND)
  filter {
    name   = "ip"
    values = ["127.0.0.1", "localhost", "host.docker.internal"] # (OR)
  }
}

output "all" {
  value = data.coolify_servers.all.servers
}

output "filtered" {
  value = data.coolify_servers.filtered.servers
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter results by values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `servers` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field to filter on. Valid names are `id`, `uuid`, `user`, `ip`, `name`, `description`
- `values` (List of String) List of values to match against - if any value matches, the filter is satisfied (**OR** operation). Non-string values will be converted to strings if possible, ie `true` -> `"true"`


<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The server description.
- `high_disk_usage_notification_sent` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the high disk usage notification has been sent.
- `id` (Number) The server ID.
- `ip` (String) The IP address.
- `log_drain_notification_sent` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the log drain notification has been sent.
- `name` (String) The server name.
- `port` (Number) The port number.
- `proxy_type` (String) The proxy type.
- `settings` (Attributes) Server Settings model (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers--settings))
- `swarm_cluster` (String) The swarm cluster configuration.
- `unreachable_count` (Number) The unreachable count for your server.
- `unreachable_notification_sent` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the unreachable notification has been sent.
- `user` (String) The user.
- `uuid` (String) The server UUID.
- `validation_logs` (String) The validation logs.

<a id="nestedatt--servers--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers.settings`

Read-Only:

- `concurrent_builds` (Number)
- `created_at` (String)
- `delete_unused_networks` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the unused networks should be deleted.
- `delete_unused_volumes` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the unused volumes should be deleted.
- `docker_cleanup_frequency` (String)
- `docker_cleanup_threshold` (Number)
- `dynamic_timeout` (Number)
- `force_disabled` (Boolean)
- `force_server_cleanup` (Boolean)
- `id` (Number)
- `is_build_server` (Boolean)
- `is_cloudflare_tunnel` (Boolean)
- `is_jump_server` (Boolean)
- `is_logdrain_axiom_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_logdrain_custom_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_logdrain_highlight_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_logdrain_newrelic_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_metrics_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_reachable` (Boolean)
- `is_sentinel_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_swarm_manager` (Boolean)
- `is_swarm_worker` (Boolean)
- `is_usable` (Boolean)
- `logdrain_axiom_api_key` (String)
- `logdrain_axiom_dataset_name` (String)
- `logdrain_custom_config` (String)
- `logdrain_custom_config_parser` (String)
- `logdrain_highlight_project_id` (String)
- `logdrain_newrelic_base_uri` (String)
- `logdrain_newrelic_license_key` (String)
- `sentinel_metrics_history_days` (Number)
- `sentinel_metrics_refresh_rate_seconds` (Number)
- `sentinel_token` (String)
- `server_id` (Number)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `wildcard_domain` (String)
