---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coolify_service Data Source - coolify"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get a Coolify service by uuid.
---

# coolify_service (Data Source)

Get a Coolify service by `uuid`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve a specific service
data "coolify_service" "example" {
  uuid = "abc123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `uuid` (String) Service UUID

### Read-Only

- `config_hash` (String) The hash of the service configuration.
- `connect_to_docker_network` (Boolean) The flag to connect the service to the predefined Docker network.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the service was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The date and time when the service was deleted.
- `description` (String) The description of the service.
- `destination_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the destination where the service is running.
- `destination_type` (String) Destination type.
- `docker_compose` (String) The docker-compose.yml file that is parsed and modified by Coolify.
- `docker_compose_raw` (String) The raw docker-compose.yml file of the service.
- `environment_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the environment where the service is attached to.
- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the service. Only used for database identification.
- `is_container_label_escape_enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable the container label escape.
- `is_container_label_readonly_enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable the container label readonly.
- `name` (String) The name of the service.
- `server_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the server where the service is running.
- `service_type` (String) The type of the service.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the service was last updated.
