---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coolify_server Resource - coolify"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create, read, update, and delete a Coolify server resource.
  NOTE: This resource is not fully implemented and may not work as expected because the Coolify API is incomplete.
---

# coolify_server (Resource)

Create, read, update, and delete a Coolify server resource.
**NOTE:** This resource is not fully implemented and may not work as expected because the Coolify API is incomplete.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a server using a Terraform generated private key

resource "tls_private_key" "example" {
  algorithm = "ED25519"
}

resource "coolify_private_key" "example" {
  name        = "Example Terraformed Key"
  description = "Managed by Terraform"
  private_key = tls_private_key.example.private_key_pem
}

resource "coolify_server" "example" {
  name             = "Example Terraformed Server"
  description      = "Managed by Terraform"
  ip               = "localhost"
  port             = 22
  user             = "root"
  private_key_uuid = coolify_private_key.example.uuid
  instant_validate = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instant_validate` (Boolean) Instant validate.
- `ip` (String) The IP of the server.
- `name` (String) The name of the server.
- `private_key_uuid` (String) The UUID of the private key.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the server.
- `is_build_server` (Boolean) Is build server.
- `port` (Number) The port of the server.
- `proxy_type` (String) The proxy type.
- `user` (String) The user of the server.

### Read-Only

- `high_disk_usage_notification_sent` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the high disk usage notification has been sent.
- `id` (Number) The server ID.
- `log_drain_notification_sent` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the log drain notification has been sent.
- `settings` (Attributes) Server Settings model (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `swarm_cluster` (String) The swarm cluster configuration.
- `unreachable_count` (Number) The unreachable count for your server.
- `unreachable_notification_sent` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the unreachable notification has been sent.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the server.
- `validation_logs` (String) The validation logs.

<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Read-Only:

- `concurrent_builds` (Number)
- `created_at` (String)
- `delete_unused_networks` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the unused networks should be deleted.
- `delete_unused_volumes` (Boolean) The flag to indicate if the unused volumes should be deleted.
- `docker_cleanup_frequency` (String)
- `docker_cleanup_threshold` (Number)
- `dynamic_timeout` (Number)
- `force_disabled` (Boolean)
- `force_server_cleanup` (Boolean)
- `id` (Number)
- `is_build_server` (Boolean)
- `is_cloudflare_tunnel` (Boolean)
- `is_jump_server` (Boolean)
- `is_logdrain_axiom_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_logdrain_custom_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_logdrain_highlight_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_logdrain_newrelic_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_metrics_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_reachable` (Boolean)
- `is_sentinel_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_swarm_manager` (Boolean)
- `is_swarm_worker` (Boolean)
- `is_usable` (Boolean)
- `logdrain_axiom_api_key` (String)
- `logdrain_axiom_dataset_name` (String)
- `logdrain_custom_config` (String)
- `logdrain_custom_config_parser` (String)
- `logdrain_highlight_project_id` (String)
- `logdrain_newrelic_base_uri` (String)
- `logdrain_newrelic_license_key` (String)
- `sentinel_metrics_history_days` (Number)
- `sentinel_metrics_refresh_rate_seconds` (Number)
- `sentinel_token` (String)
- `server_id` (Number)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `wildcard_domain` (String)
